(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(CAWING)
(MUNCHING)
Mmm-mmm!
MAKUU: You look tasty!
(GASPS)
(STUTTERING) Who's there?
I'm Makuu the crocodile!
And I'm gonna eat you!
(GASPING AND SCREAMING)
Mmm-mmm!
GOIGOI: You look tasty!
(GULPS)
(STUTTERS) Goigoi...
The jackal?
That's right.
And I'm gonna eat you!
(SCREAMS)
(MUNCHING)
Mmm-mmm!
JANJA: You look tasty!
Huh?
JANJA: I'm gonna eat you!
Janja the hyena!
Ahhh!
ALL: Help!
Lion Guard!
Thank goodness!
What is it?
What's wrong?
Makuu!
Goigoi!
Janja!
Lion Guard,
we'll need to split up!
Fuli, you and Ono
take on Goigoi.
Beshte, you and Bunga
go after Makuu.
Leave Janja to me!
You three, take us to 'em!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Okay, where was Janja?
(STUTTERS)
Right behind my den!
Okay.
Stay back.
(GRUNTS) Janja!
Show yourself!
Huh. Nobody here.
All right, Makuu!
We're coming to getcha!
(WIND WHOOSHING)
Hello?
Makuu?
Maybe he heard us and ran!
Or swam!
Anyway, he's gone now!
BLESMOL: (GASPS) Oh, no!
What is it?
Makuu ate all the roots
I was having for lunch!
(SCREAMS)
Sorry, didn't mean
to scare you.
Oh, no sign of Goigoi
from above.
(SCREAMS)
I searched around every
tree in these woods.
Not a jackal in sight.
But... My leafy greens
are gone!
The jackals
must have eaten them!
Hmm.
Well, at least
they didn't eat you.
There's no trace
of Janja and his hyenas
anywhere around here.
(SNIFFS)
Not even their scent.
And, believe me,
if they were around,
you'd smell them.
But they were here!
They've eaten all
the bugs that I was
going to eat for lunch!
Hey, the crocodiles
ate my lunch, too!
And the jackals ate mine!
Did you find Makuu or Goigoi?
Nope!
No.
Nothing.
Uh-uh.
Strange.
Janja wasn't here either.
I bet Makuu, Goigoi,
and Janja heard us coming!
See, that's just
how good we are.
We just show up,
and all of those
baddies run off!
KION: I'm not so sure.
(SNIFFS) I didn't even
find any hyena tracks.
No sign of Janja at all.
Hey, wait. I didn't see
any jackal tracks, either!
Did we see crocodile tracks?
Uh, I don't think so.
And last I checked,
none of them eat
roots or leaves.
Right. And Janja
doesn't usually eat bugs...
Are you sure it was Makuu,
Goigoi and Janja you saw?
Well, I didn't
actually see Janja.
I didn't see Goigoi, either.
I didn't stick around
long enough to see Makuu.
But I sure heard him.
(SHUDDERS) He said, "Mmm-mmm!
"You look tasty!
"I'm gonna eat you!"
(GASPS) That's what
Goigoi said.
And Janja!
Wait.
Makuu, Goigoi and Janja
all said the same thing?
Something weird is going on.
Ono, scout the Pride Lands.
See if you can find
Makuu, Goigoi and Janja.
Affirmative!
(CACKLING IN DISTANCE)
Hold on!
Do you hear that?
JANJA: We've got you now!
Sounds like Janja!
Janja? Ahhh!
This way!
You guys wait here.
Time to figure out
what's going on.
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
I don't hear Janja anymore.
I can't see him either!
(RUSTLING)
Shh...
(WHISPERS) Janja.
Come on.
Wait!
It's not Janja!
No, no, no, I'm not.
I'm Tamaa the drongo!
A drongo...
Well, don't worry, Tamaa.
We won't let Janja hurt you.
Why would Janja hurt me?
(GASPS) Oh, right!
You heard him just now.
Yeah, and he sounded close.
Oh, he was.
Very close indeed!
But then he
and his hyenas ran off.
They went...
That-a-way!
Thanks, Tamaa!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend.
Good thing that drongo
actually saw where
the hyenas went!
Yeah, he's the first one
to see anything!
Hapana!
Tamaa's a drongo!
That explains everything!
Everyone, everyone!
Follow me! Quick!
Ono?
I figured it out. Come on!
Okay.
Mmm-mmm!
You look tasty!
I'm gonna eat you!
(YELPS)
(LAUGHS)
KION: Not so fast!
Un-Bunga-lievable!
You sounded just like Janja.
That's because
he's a drongo.
And drongos can make
their voice sound like
other animals.
Isn't that right?
Yes, it's true.
I can sound
like other animals.
Any other animal
in the Pride Land, really.
It's my little talent.
Which you've been using
to scare animals
all over the Pride Lands.
Admit it!
Who, me?
No!
(IN JANJA's VOICE) I never...
I mean...
(IN MAAKU'S VOICE)
It wasn't me who...
(CLEARS THROAT)
(IN GOGOI'S VOICE)
I can explain...
(NORMAL VOICE)
All right, kids.
You got me.
I pretended to be Janja.
And Makuu. And Goigoi.
But so what?
Is there any harm in that?
You scared little animals,
so they'd run away.
Is it my fault that
my performances
are so convincing?
It's a compliment, really.
But you did it
to steal their food!
Steal?
No, no, no!
It's an act!
It's a show!
It's all in fun!
I do some voices...
And if my audience happens
to leave me a little food
as a reward,
well, is that so wrong?
Uh, yeah.
Who do you think you are?
Who do I think I am?
♪ I'm the bird of
1000 voices yes indeed
(TRUMPETS)
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me
(SCREECHING)
♪ It's all in fun
it's just a game
♪ Tamaa the drongo
that's my name
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me
(QUACKING)
♪ When I was just a baby bird
♪ I learned I had a skill
(TRUMPETS AND ROARS)
♪ To imitate both
night and day
(CHITTERING AND CHIRPING)
♪ You know it was a thrill
(GROWLS AND NEIGHS)
♪ But when it came
to hunt and peck
♪ It wasn't all that great
♪ I had to find
a different way
to earn the food I ate
♪ That's why I'm the bird
of 1000 voices yes indeed
(SQUEAKING)
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me
(SQUAWKS)
♪ It's all in fun
it's just a game
♪ Tamaa the drongo
that's my name
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me
(OINKING)
♪ So imitating bad guys
is my way to earn to a meal
♪ Nobody's ever harmed
all that hurts
is how they feel
♪ Now listen very closely
you won't believe your ears
♪ 'Cause doing other voices
is a skill I've had for years
(IMITATING JANJA)
♪ Better look out Janja's here
(IMITATING MAKUU)
♪ I'm Makuu cower in fear
(IMITATING GOIGOI)
♪ Goigoi here
I'll give you what for
♪ And let me tell you kids
I got plenty more
♪ 'Cause I'm the bird of
1000 voices
yes indeed
(TRUMPETS)
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me
♪ It's all in fun
it's just a game
♪ Tamaa the drongo
that's my name
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me
♪ Bird of 1000 voices
yes it's me ♪
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Poa!
Can you do an imitation of me?
Sure. (CLEARS THROAT)
Bunga...
Right, right, right.
You're the leader
of the Lion Guard.
Imitate Kion first
then me!
Bunga. Focus.
Tamaa, tricking others
and taking their food
upsets the Circle of Life.
If I had an amazing
talent like yours,
I'd use it to do good.
(SIGHS) You're right!
Of course you're right.
Why, oh, why,
did I never think of that?
The food I snatched
from the beaks, snouts
and mouths of the innocent?
The heartbreak.
The pain.
Hmm...
I feel so ashamed.
Poor little guy.
Tell you what.
From this day forward,
I'll only use my own voice.
(AS JANJA) I promise!
(NORMAL VOICE) Er...
I promise!
Hmm, okay.
(JANJA CACKLING)
Hapana!
Janja and his crew!
They're about to attack
a herd of impalas!
And this time, I can see them.
And we're here wasting time
talking to you.
No more imitating!
Drongo's honor!
I still wish you would've
done my voice.
Now I'll never know
what I sound like.
Hey!
Don't run away!
We just want to invite
you to dinner.
We do?
Sure.
They're gonna
be the main course!
(LAUGHS)
Good one, Janja.
Yeah.
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
(ALL GROAN)
What's so funny, hyena?
Uh, nothin'...
Don't you remember?
Janja made that great joke
about eatin' the impalas.
(LAUGHING)
Er, wait how did it go again?
Stuff it, fur brain.
I'm going to give you hyenas
till the count of three
to get out
of the Pride Lands.
You can count to three?
(LAUGHING)
Ooh, I wanna hear it!
Nice seein' ya, Kion.
Love to stay and chat,
but we were just leaving.
(LAUGHS) We were?
One... Two...
We're going, we're going!
The faster, the better.
That was a close call.
You said it.
We were so busy
searching for phony
crocs, jackals and hyenas,
we almost missed
the real hyenas' attack.
Let's just hope Tamaa
keeps his promise
so we don't have
any more false alarms.
Hi. How ya doin'?
Ooh. That's a nice sized
pile of grubs you got there!
Uh, thank you.
So, uh, you think
you're gonna eat 'em all?
Probably.
'Cause I wouldn't mind
eating a bite or two,
if you've got some to spare.
I'm feeling a little peckish.
Ha! Get it?
Peckish!
I've got a beak, see?
I peck things with it.
(CHUCKLES)
Pretty funny, right?
Uh, yeah.
Seriously, do you have
some food you can give me?
I'm really hungry.
Sorry, but these are my grubs.
You'll need to find your own.
I bet you wouldn't
say that to Janja!
(ALL PANTING)
You know, sometimes
I think the Lion Guard
doesn't like us.
I know, right?
So now what are
we gonna eat, Janja?
TAMAA: (AS JANJA) Mmm-mmm!
You look tasty!
I'm gonna eat you!
Me? (LAUGHS)
Did you just say
you're gonna eat me?
No!
Does that mean
you're gonna eat me?
No, fur brains.
It means
I didn't say anything.
But somebody did.
Yeah. It sure
sounded like you.
Yeah, he did.
And he also sounded
like he's over there.
(AS JANJA) Mmm-mmm.
Did you hear me?
(YELPS)
I said I'm going to eat you!
Yeah, I heard you.
Grab that bird.
(SHRIEKS)
Wait, don't eat me.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(NORMAL VOICE)
I mean, wait, don't eat me!
He is a little small.
Hardly enough to go around.
If he helps us
with my new plan,
maybe we won't eat him at all.
What do you need me to do?
Oh, you'll see.
Now just say
what I told you to say.
But make it sound
like you're Kion.
Got it?
Uh, I don't think I can.
I've never done Kion's
voice before.
Oh, is that so?
Well, that's okay.
I gotcha
No problem.
So how's about you sayin'
somethin' for me
in your own voice?
Sure, I can do that!
What do you want me to say?
Say goodbye.
'Cause if I'm not eating
impala today,
I'm eating drongo!
You know, (CHUCKLES)
now that I think about it...
Maybe I can do Kion's voice!
(GRUNTING)
TAMAA: (IMITATING KION)
Hey, impalas!
It's me, Kion.
Leader of the Lion Guard.
The hyenas are back
in the Pride Land.
So you better
run to the Outlands!
Impalas,
what are you waiting for?
Hyenas are coming!
Escape to the Outlands!
(GASPS)
Right now!
You don't have
to tell me twice!
Panic and run, panic and run.
(NEIGHS)
(GRUNTS)
TAMAA: (AS KION)
Shoo! Scat! Run!
(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING)
Let's go, boys.
Our dinner is being delivered!
I sounded good, didn't I?
Would you believe I'd never
done Kion's voice before?
Ya gotta love it. Right?
So, can I go now?
I did what you asked!
Hmm... Not yet.
You still might come in handy.
I think I'll keep you
around for a while.
(LAUGHS)
Could you at least
stop breathing on me?
I've got sensitive feathers.
(LAUGHING) Sensitive feather.
Pretty quiet.
Guess Tamaa really
is keeping his promise.
No sign of Janja, Cheezi
and Chungu either.
Panic and run!
Head for the Outlands.
They're the only
safe place to be.
Whoa! What? No!
Where'd you get
such a crazy idea?
From Kion.
I never said that.
Yes you did. I heard you
say it to the impalas.
And everyone knows
zebras have the best
hearing in the Pride Lands.
So if you heard Kion say
"Go to the Outlands,"
why didn't you go?
I am going!
I just...
Uh, don't know
where the Outlands are.
Hold on.
You say you heard me?
But you didn't see me.
So? Hearing is believing.
Not with Tamaa
the drongo around.
But why would Tamaa
fool the impalas into
going to the Outlands?
(SCOFFS) Sounds more
like Janja to me.
Maybe it was Janja.
And Tamaa.
I know Tamaa's a troublemaker,
but you really think
he'd help Janja?
Maybe he didn't have a choice.
C'mon, Lion Guard.
To the Outlands!
Just a minute.
I thought we weren't
supposed to go
to the Outlands!
(LAUGHING)
Come on, fellas!
(GRUNTING)
(CHUCKLING)
This was so easy.
I should've got myself
a drongo a long time ago.
You better
get used to us, birdy.
'Cause I'm never
letting you go!
(LAUGHS)
Hear that?
You're never
gettin' away from us!
Why would I want to get away?
This is a great set-up!
(LAUGHING) Yeah! Huh?
I've always worked alone.
But it's gonna be a lot
easier now that I have
a partner.
Partner?
Sure!
Didn't you hear Janja?
From now on it's just
gonna be me and him!
Just you and Janja?
What about us?
Oh, I hadn't thought
about that.
With me helping Janja,
I don't know if he'll
need you two anymore.
He won't?
Not with me around.
But if you were to
let me go...
Uh-uh.
Ah. Ow. Easy.
(LAUGHS)
Nice try, birdie.
But we ain't lettin'
you go till Janja
says so.
Is that a fact?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I see...
Cheezi, let the bird go!
Uh, okay, Janja.
(TAMAA LAUGHING)
I don't think it was really
Janja who said that.
No kidding.
Janja's gonna be
super mad.
What are we
gonna tell him?
How about...
Nothin'?
Phew.
My little talent sure got
me out of that mess.
But it got those
impalas into a mess.
I've gotta try
and help 'em.
(IMITATING KION)
Let the impalas go, Janja!
You hear that?
(IMITATING BUNGA) We've got
you surrounded, hyenas!
(IMITATING FULI)
There is no way out!
(IMITATING BESHTE)
You better run away
while you can!
(IMITATING ONO)
Or be prepared to
fight the Lion Guard!
(GULPS)
They're everywhere!
Any sign of
the hyenas, Ono?
Negative.
I don't see them.
TAMAA: (IMITATING BUNGA)
This is your last chance,
hyenas!
But I do hear something!
Leave now or we're
gonna come get you!
Hey, that was me.
But I'm right here.
It's Tamaa! Come on!
Wow. I really
sounded heroic.
Hey! Wait for me!
TAMAA: (IMITATING KION)
You asked for it.
We are comin' in!
(IMITATING FULI)
Unless you leave now.
(ROARS)
Which way
we gonna run?
They're all around us!
I don't know.
Maybe we can...
Hey, why isn't there
a bird in your mouth?
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
(IMITATING KION)
You are running
out of time, Janja!
Nice try.
But we know
the Lion Guard ain't here.
That's what you think.
Oh, he's really good!
That time he didn't even
move his mouth.
Get away
from the bird, Janja!
(KION GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Kion!
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
It's not what you think.
See, uh, we, we were
just helping out
these poor lost impalas.
You know, we thought
we'd show 'em the way home.
We'll take care
of the impalas.
Why don't you find
your own way home?
We'll do that.
Let's go, fellas!
(IMITATING KION)
And don't come back!
(CHUCKLES)
(IN NORMAL VOICE)
Sorry.
I was on a roll.
That was a brave thing
you did back there, Tamaa.
You helped
save the impalas.
Thanks, guys. It felt great
to use my talent for good.
But just so you know,
I don't growl like that.
Ah, good tip.
And this time, I really
have learned my lesson.
From now on,
I'm sticking to my promise.
No more imitating others.
Unless it's for good!
That's great, but couldn't
you imitate me one last time?
Okay.
(AS BUNGA) Zuka Zama!
I really do
have a great voice.
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(GASPS) Hey! Wait for me!